Now that we've reviewed the Medfirst 4 Plan, let's go ahead and cover the Med First 5 Plan offered by MedFirst.
As mentioned before, any time we're seeing the numbers listed next to a benefit, it indicates required verbiage at the bottom of the page that must be covered with the client.
The plan benefits are listed on the left and the benefit details on the right. Starting with our Wellness exam, we can see it will cover one visit per calendar year at a $25 Copayment with the maximum of $150.
 For Primary Care Office Visit, we can see it will cover 5 visits per calendar year at a $50 Copayment with the maximum of $150.
 For the Specialist or Urgent Care Office Visit, we can see it will cover 5 visits per calendar year at a $75 Copayment with the maximum of $300.
 They must access providers through First Health Network when utilizing the Physician Services to be covered by the plan. Also all sickness benefits are subject to a 30-day waiting period before benefits are payable under the plan.  
Next up is the In-Patient Hospitalization Benefit. This is and Indemnity Benefit and would receive $1,500 per day for a maximum of $15,000 per Calander year.
Both In and Outpatient Surgery benefits members are eligible to receive $1,500 per day with a combined maximum amount of $4,500 per  calendar year.
For Emergency Room benefit members would be eligible for $1,000 per incident if admitted to the hospital.
Similar to the Emergency Room benefit for the Ambulance Benefit members would be eligible for $500 per incident if admitted to the hospital.

It is important to inform members for the Hospitalization, Surgery, Emergency Room, and Ambulance benefits they will not pay out for pre-existing conditions for the first 12 months of coverage. 
The telemedicine benefit offered by Kindly Human through Recuro Health, there is a $0.00 consult fee and no maximum visit amount. This is a benefit that allows members to keep healthcare costs down when it comes to certain physician services. Recuro Health is the telemedicine number members would call this information is provided on their member ID Card. 
Next up is the RX benefit. This is offered through Best Choice RX and for this particular plan members would utilize the Best Choice RX Plus Plan. For Preventive and Acute Prescriptions medications they are not subject to a monthly maximum amount, however it must be listed on the formulary. The formulary is a list of medications that are covered by the plan and. Members would pay a $0 Copayment for Acute & Preventive Generic medications up to a 30-day supply. Members would pay a $5 Copayment for 200 Generic Maintenance Drugs up to a 30-day supply for Pharmacy Retail or up to a 90 day supply for Mail-order. For Non-Preferred Generic medications it would be a $5 & $10 Copayment for a 30 day supply from a retail pharmacy & $5 to $20 Copayment for mail order 90 day supply. For Brand medications does require prior authorization and has a Copayment of $40 for 30-day supply at retail pharmacy and $80 Copayment for 90-day supply through Mail Order.  Best Choice RX can only be used at participating pharmacies.
For all non-preventive generic & brand name drugs there is $150 benefit limit per person per month. 
This RX Plan includes discounts when the prescription is not on the formulary or exceeds maximum amount for RX benefit. Specialty drugs would not be covered but BestChoice RX does offer a Prescription Assistance Program. Members must qualify for PAP and it is according to income guidelines. The Mail order is an option for both generic and brand medications.
For Advocacy they utilize Healthcare Ninja. This is a great tool to help keep healthcare costs down. Healthcare Ninja would be utilized with the Indemnity Benefits like Hospitalization as well as other physician service benefits once the plan benefits have already been exhausted.
As we continue, you'll notice the required verbiage at the bottom of the page that correlates to specific benefits and benefit details that we must cover with our members.
Continuing on for the minimal essential coverage preventative health services summary of benefits. We want to make sure when covering these with clients that we're going over all verbiage. Preventative benefit would be the same for all MedFirst Plans.
Now when reviewing the preventative health services, you'll notice we have our benefits, our intervals and our requirements.
Our requirement field not only lets us know what requirements are needed from clients for the services, but also in some instances explains what the benefit is and who it may be applicable to.
Benefit explains the preventative service being provided.
Interval explains how often they are able to utilize the benefits.
Our requirement field not only lets us know what requirements are needed from clients for the services, but also in some instances explains what the benefit is and who it may be applicable to.
For example, for the abdominal aortic aneurysm screenings benefit. It lets me know that this is by ultrasonography in men, they can only use it once per lifetime, and they must be of ages 65 to 75 years who've ever smoked. So this would NOT be for non-smokers and or people aged 64 or younger or 76 and older.
As you guys can see, the list is extensive, but it is a comprehensive list of preventative services.
Next would be immunizations. It is important to keep in mind what immunizations are available for which age group so it’s key to check the age group prior to quoting a benefit being covered.
So as you can see, birth through 6 year olds would be the eligibility group for these vaccinations
As we continue children from 7 through 18 years old and we also have adults 19 years or older.
These immunizations are based upon CDC recommendations and it's important as well to make sure that we're covering the exclusions with our clients.
Some Important items to keep in mind whenever reviewing the MedFirst 5 Plan.  
Members must access providers through First Health Network when utilizing the Physician Services to be covered by the plan. 
For the Best Choice RX Plus Plan. Both Preventive and Acute Prescriptions medications are not subject to a monthly maximum amount, however it must be listed on the formulary.
Brand name medications require Prior Authorization and specialty medications are not covered by this plan. Best Choice RX also offers a Prescription Assistance Program that members may be able to qualify for according to income guidelines.
The Telemedicine benefit offered by Kindly Human through Recuro Health, allows members to keep healthcare costs down when it comes to certain physician services and there is no maximum to this benefit. 
Healthcare Ninja is a great tool to utilize to keep healthcare costs down. This can be utilized with the Indemnity Benefits like Hospitalization as well as other physician service benefits once the plan benefits have been exhausted.
Most importantly, remember to care for your clients in a complete and compliant manner. Thank you for participating in First Enroll’s Training and continue to be great!!

